Add docs for resizing clickhouse and postgres (#2515)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/runbook/postgresql/resize-disk.md

---

> title: Resize disk

Author: this is basically copy-pasta from kafka, but good to have to link to users directly

To verify if your storage class allows volume expansion you can run:

```shell
kubectl get storageclass -o json | jq '.items[].allowVolumeExpansion'
true
```

#### How-to

1. Connect to the Postgresql container to verify the data directory filesystem size (in this example 10GB)
    ```shell
    kubectl -n posthog exec -it posthog-posthog-postgresql-0 -- /bin/bash
    I have no name!@posthog-posthog-postgresql-0:/$ df -h /bitnami/postgresql
    Filesystem                                                                Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
    /dev/disk/by-id/scsi-0DO_Volume_pvc-966716a8-cac6-407a-afb4-8cab52b0ad9b  9.8G  145M  9.2G   2% /bitnami/postgresql
    ```

1. Resize the underlying PVC (in this example we are resizing it to to 20G)
    ```shell
    kubectl -n posthog patch pvc data-posthog-posthog-postgresql-0 -p '{ "spec": { "resources": { "requests": { "storage": "20Gi" }}}}'
    persistentvolumeclaim/data-posthog-posthog-postgresql-0 patched
    ```

    Note: while resizing the PVC you might get an error `disk resize is only supported on Unattached disk, current disk state: Attached` (see below for more details).
    <details>

>     In this specific case you need to temporary scale down the `StatefulSet` replica value to zero. **This will briefly disrupt the Postgresql service availability and TODO: what's the impact?**

Author: @guidoiaquinti can you tell me what the impact would be here (we just can't connect & everything will wait or should we kill plugin server)?

Reviewer: Thanks to @yakkomajuri's recent change, ingestion shouldn't be impacted as events will be queued anyway but the app/plugins/etc... will throw HTTP 5xx

Author: ```suggestion
    In this specific case you need to temporary scale down the `StatefulSet` replica value to zero. **This will briefly disrupt the Postgresql service availability and make the PostHog UI inaccessible. On newer versions of PostHog events will be queued and ingestion won't be impacted**
```
